this is one of my gothic lolita outfits
I think I look cute I've actually been
told I look Dutch all right I don't know
if this look is Dutch because I have
been to the Netherlands haven't seen
anything like this maybe Transylvanian
milkmaid yeah I would say this dress
works on somebody probably under the age
of 10 for regular everyday gear and only
as a costume further on that it really
it is a costume right it's it is a whole
fashion in Japan sure we have got to
figure out how that style is gonna be
found for you maybe from a different
Avenue you down I'm gonna try it but
unless my clothes come from one place I
don't know how to make the mat okay
kiddo a modern woman it's a modern dress
the body of the dress is basically a
shift dress which means that it doesn't
have a ton of structured right and one
of the things that we do know about your
dress is that as costumey as we may feel
that it is it does fit you so you know
we just want something that fits you
that that's all we're going after here
it doesn't accent the body necessarily
but it's short enough that we're showing
off some leg here with the nature theme
you'll notice with this shoe we've done
cork okay it's got a little pop of
yellow in it we're using that as our
accent color okay
wait don't recommend this dress to
everybody we feel like this is something
that you could do because you're you
okay you're excited about that evidently
oh yeah I like having things that other
people don't have well you know there's
women honestly that's one of the reasons
that we chairs this dress because you
know a solid ship dress a diamond
doesn't but doing something with this
kind of pattern walking that makes it a
lot more visually interesting that we
feel like there is a part of you that
want the adventure of really great style
so are you ready to go to trash your
clothes because we are I have to do the
trash that was part of the deal to do it
you know
one step forward we gotta go to back so
you ready okay ready you get dressed
when we chat here letsa what is it
I mean really it's so disturbingly looks
like a pug on on a strap it is a pug on
a strap no it looks like a real dead pug
on a strap that's what she means all
right come on get you and you are too
old for this okay
take and go I wanted a little bag and
that worked out really well it worked
out really well except that you are 30
and let's not forget about this this
plaid rabbit teach me what I can do now
incorporate you can't this bag actually
makes me angry hit'em this is incredibly
frustrating because when it's not the
little girl it's grandma you're 30 years
old you get it you're in the prime of
your life think of it think of the
things that rhyme with 30 flirty dirty
30 and this is what we get you know what
if we had just looked at your wardrobe
without meeting you we would have
thought that you were one kinky bitch
like it's really the Wardrobe of
somebody who I wouldn't like wearing the
whip snout the bag yeah yeah okay can we
stop getting rid of the more of the
pirate gear here's the dress this is it
huh all right we're getting rid of all
give away a t-shirt we're just getting
rid of everything that's ugly
all right these are a little bit out of
our turn